Created new bookclub readme and updated it (#59)
WomenWhoCode/WWCode-London: resources/bookclub/README.md

# **BOOK CLUB**

> The official book club repo for WWCode-London 📚

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official book club resource page for WWCode-London 📚
```

Author: Changed it, thanks.

Radical candor is the sweet spot between managers who are obnoxiously aggressive on one side and ruinously empathetic on the other. It’s about providing guidance, which involves a mix of praise as well as criticism—delivered to produce better results and help employees achieve.

<td>
<tr>

<tr>
<td><b>
  <img src="https://cdn.waterstones.com/bookjackets/large/9781/2604/9781260474183.jpg" />
<td>
Crucial Conversations by Joseph Grenny & Kerry Patterson              
<td>
Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes are High discusses how to handle disagreements and high-stakes communication. It is written on the premise that when you are stuck in any situation – whether it’s at home or work – there is a crucial conversation keeping you from accomplishing the desired results. If you can learn to speak up in these crucial moments effectively, then you can accomplish the results you are after.
<td>
<tr>

<tr>
<td><b>

>   <img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1488319495i/22085568.jpg" />

Reviewer: this image does not render in the page, I am not sure why

Author: Removed and added a new link.

<td>
<tr>

<tr>
<td><b>
  <img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1436202607i/3735293.jpg" />
<td>
Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship by Robert C. Martin                                    
<td>
Even bad code can function. But if code isn't clean, it can bring a development organization to its knees. Every year, countless hours and significant resources are lost because of poorly written code. But it doesn't have to be that way.

Clean Code is divided into three parts. The first describes the principles, patterns, and practices of writing clean code. The second part consists of several case studies of increasing complexity. Each case study is an exercise in cleaning up code - of transforming a code base that has some problems into one that is sound and efficient. The third part is the payoff: a single chapter containing a list of heuristics and "smells" gathered while creating the case studies. The result is a knowledge base that describes the way we think when we write, read, and clean code.

<td>
<tr>

</tbody>
</table>

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

> ## Social

Reviewer: considering this page is an internal resource, I don't think is necessary to add Social. Maybe only if you add link to the slack channel for this program.

Author: Added the slack and meetup links only.
